MONSTA FTP TERMS & CONDITIONS

1. PREAMBLE

This Agreement, considered effective on install/first-use (hereinafter: Effective Date) 
governs the relationship between you (an individual, business entity, or organization) 
(hereinafter: Licensee) and Monsta Limited (hereinafter: Licensor). This Agreement sets the 
terms, rights, restrictions and obligations on using Monsta FTP (hereinafter: The Software) 
created and owned by Licensor, as detailed herein.

2. LICENSE GRANT

Licensor hereby grants Licensee a Sublicensable, Assignable, Perpetual, Commercial, 
Royalty free, Without the rights to create derivative works, Non-exclusive license, all 
with accordance with the terms set forth and other legal restrictions set forth in 3rd 
party software used while running Software.

	2.1 Limited: Licensee may use Software for the purpose of:
		2.1.1 Running Software on Licensee's Website[s] and Server[s];
        2.1.2 Allowing 3rd Parties to run Software on Licensee's Website[s] and Server[s];
		2.1.3 Publishing Software's output to Licensee and 3rd Parties;
    	2.1.4 Distribute verbatim copies of Software's output;
        2.1.5 Modify Software to suit Licensee's needs and specifications.
	
	2.2 This license is granted perpetually, as long as you do not materially breach it.
    
    2.3 Binary Restricted: Licensee may sublicense Software as a part of a larger work 
    	containing more than Software, distributed solely in Object or Binary form under 
    	a personal, non-sublicensable, limited license. Such redistribution shall be 
    	limited to unlimited codebases.

    2.4 Assignable: Licensee may assign his rights and duties under this license as long 
    	as the party who Licensee assigns the license accepts the license in full, and 
    	provides Licensor with a written confirmation of Assignment.

    2.5 Commercial, Royalty Free: Licensee may use Software for any purpose, including 
        paid-services, without any royalties.

3. TERM & TERMINATION

The Term of this license shall be until terminated. Licensor may terminate this Agreement, 
including Licensee's license in the case where Licensee:

	3.1 became insolvent or otherwise entered into any liquidation process; or

	3.2 exported The Software to any jurisdiction where licensor may not enforce his rights 
		under this agreements in; or

	3.3 Licensee was in breach of any of this license's terms and conditions and such 
		breach was not cured, immediately upon notification; or

	3.4 Licensee in breach of any of the terms of clause 2 to this license; or

	3.5 Licensee otherwise entered into any arrangement which caused Licensor to be unable 
		to enforce his rights under this License.

4. UPGRADES, UPDATES, AND FIXES

Licensor may provide Licensee, from time to time, with Upgrades, Updates or Fixes, as 
detailed herein and according to his sole discretion. Licensee hereby warrants to keep The 
Software up-to-date and install all relevant updates and fixes, and may, at his sole 
discretion, purchase upgrades, according to the rates set by Licensor. Licensor shall 
provide any update or Fix free of charge; however, nothing in this Agreement shall require 
Licensor to provide Updates or Fixes.

	4.1 Upgrades: for the purpose of this license, an Upgrade shall be a material amendment 
		in The Software, which contains new features and or major performance improvements 
		and shall be marked as a new version number. For example, should Licensee purchase 
		The Software under version 1.X.X, an upgrade shall commence under number 2.0.0.

	4.2 Updates: for the purpose of this license, an update shall be a minor amendment in 
		The Software, which may contain new features or minor improvements and shall be 
		marked as a new sub-version number. For example, should Licensee purchase The 
		Software under version 1.1.X, an upgrade shall commence under number 1.2.0.

    4.3 Fix: for the purpose of this license, a fix shall be a minor amendment in The 
    	Software, intended to remove bugs or alter minor features which impair the The 
    	Software's functionality. A fix shall be marked as a new sub-sub-version number. 
    	For example, should Licensee purchase Software under version 1.1.1, an upgrade 
    	shall commence under number 1.1.2.

5. SUPPORT

The Software is provided with limited support, available via the The Software Support Portal.                        

	5.1 Bug Notification: Licensee may provide Licensor of details regarding any bug, 
        defect or failure in The Software promptly and with no delay from such event; 
        Licensee shall comply with Licensor's request for information regarding bugs, 
        defects or failures and furnish him with information, screenshots and try to 
        reproduce such bugs, defects or failures.

	5.2 Feature Request: Licensee may request additional features in Software, provided, 
		however, that (i) Licensee shall waive any claim or right in such feature should 
		feature be developed by Licensor; (ii) Licensee shall be prohibited from developing 
		the feature, or disclose such feature request, or feature, to any 3rd-party 
		directly competing with Licensor or any 3rd-party which may be, following the 
		development of such feature, in direct competition with Licensor; (iii) Licensee 
		warrants that feature does not infringe any 3rd-party patent, trademark, 
		trade-secret or any other intellectual property right; and (iv) Licensee developed, 
		envisioned or created the feature solely by himself.

6. LIABILITY

To the extent permitted under Law, The Software is provided under an AS-IS basis. Licensor 
shall never, and without any limit, be liable for any damage, cost, expense or any other 
payment incurred by Licensee as a result of Software's actions, failure, bugs and/or any 
other interaction between The Software  and Licensee's end-equipment, computers, other 
software or any 3rd-party, end-equipment, computer or services.  Moreover, Licensor shall 
never be liable for any defect in source code written by Licensee when relying on The 
Software or using The Software's source code.

7. WARRANTY 

	7.1 Intellectual Property: Licensor hereby warrants that The Software does not violate 
		or infringe any 3rd-party claims in regards to intellectual property, patents 
		and/or trademarks and that to the best of its knowledge no legal action has been 
		taken against it for any infringement or violation of any 3rd-party intellectual 
		property rights.

	7.2 No Warranty: The Software is provided without any warranty; Licensor hereby 
		disclaims any warranty that The Software shall be error free, without defects or 
		code which may cause damage to Licensee's computers or to Licensee, and that 
		Software shall be functional. Licensee shall be solely liable to any damage, 
		defect or loss incurred as a result of operating software and undertake the risks 
		contained in running The Software on License's Server[s] and Website[s].

	7.3 Prior Inspection: Licensee hereby states that he inspected The Software thoroughly 
		and found that it does not interfere with her regular operation and that it does 
		meet the standards and scope of his computer systems and architecture. Licensee 
		found that The Software interacts with his development, website and server 
		environment and that it does not infringe any of End User License Agreement of any 
		software Licensee may use in performing his services. Licensee hereby waives any 
		claims regarding The Software's incompatibility, performance, results and features, 
		and warrants that he inspected The Software.

8. INDEMNIFICATION

Licensee hereby warrants to hold Licensor harmless and indemnify Licensor for any lawsuit 
brought against it in regards to Licensee's use of The Software in means that violate, 
breach or otherwise circumvent this license, Licensor's intellectual property rights or 
Licensor's title in The Software. Licensor shall promptly notify Licensee in case of such 
legal action and request Licensee's consent prior to any settlement in relation to such 
lawsuit or claim.

GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION

Licensee hereby agrees not to initiate class-action lawsuits against Licensor in relation 
to this license and to compensate Licensor for any legal fees, cost or attorney fees should 
any claim brought by Licensee against Licensor be denied, in part or in full.

OTHER LICENSES

The Software includes 3rd-party libraries, each of which contains its own license, 
independent of The Software. These libraries may be hosted on 3rd-party networks.

	* Angular JS 	www.angularjs.org
	* Bootstrap	www.getbootstrap.com
	* CodeMirror 	www.codemirror.net
	* Font Awesome 	www.fontawesome.io
	* jQuery 	www.jquery.com

Licensee agrees to accept these vendors' terms and conditions prior to using The Software.
